today I'm going to show you how to order
from the alloy wheels calm website the
first thing i do when i enter the site
is input my car details here now i'm
looking for 17 inch wheels for my car I
think they would look really good the
next thing I get is the list of search
results 32 pages of 17 inch wheels that
will fit my car at the top there's some
technical information here we've got the
32 pages of wheels with some next and
previous buttons we have a filter button
that enables me to filter the results by
supplier by price or by will finish and
here I have pictures of the wheels and
pictures of the wheels on my car now I
quite like the look of the DS and X
wheels and they're a good price also so
I'll click on them get a bit more detail
as you can see there 330 pounds I have
the option to buy them buy now pay later
12 months or over 36 months I also had
the option to upgrade the tires to
falken Avon tuyo hankook Yokohama
there's some will accessories I also get
the option to remove the tires from the
package and I can see the wheels again
on my car not quite like these wheels so
I'm going to go and buy them so i added
to my basket i click on the checkout
button
I input my email address now I don't
already have an account so i just press
proceed it's asking me from my billing
country UK england is asking me for my
delivery postcode so I into that there
now here I get the option whether to pay
by credit card or by finance so I can
choose finance for example and get the
interest bearing over 36 months or to
buy now pay later but I'm going to pay
with credit card i press proceed now the
destination of good you get the option
to haven't delivered directly to your
house for 25 pounds that's anywhere in
the UK or we fit for free alors comme in
rochford click proceed
and all I do now is I enter in my
address details my credit card two to
three days later wheels will be with you